Before we write any more code, let's simplify it using Lombok.
Lombok is a very special dependency that minimizes boilerplate code.
So go ahead and add the Lombok dependency if you don't already have it inside of your port XML file.
I'm pretty sure I provided it in the starter project and if you're using VS code, there's actually
another step that we need to employ in order to get Lombok working, you need to install the Lombok
annotation support for VS Code Extension.
And now, depending on when you're watching this video, the names of these extensions can change.
So if you see the exact title that I currently have by Microsoft, perfect, install it.
If this title happened to be renamed to, I don't know, Lombok for code, you know, just user intuition.
All right, now it is time for the real fun.
Please pause and get that installed.
And once you do, we're going to go over to the student class.
And let me just tell you this.
You never, ever have to create another getter and setter again.
So over here, up top, what I can just say is add getter.
And etc., and that will automatically generate all of the getters and setters based on the fields that
this class defines.
So here I can remove all of this boilerplate code.
This looks a lot better.
Now, let's just say that I also wanted to have a complete constructor.
So let's create a constructor using all fields.
And let's just say that I also want it to have an empty constructor.
Well, going forward, we do not have to write any of this code again.
If I want Lombok to auto generate a complete constructor for this class, I can just say all args constructor.
If I want Lombok to generate an empty constructor, then I can just say at no ARGs.
Constructor.
All right.
And this is looking really good.
If you don't believe me that this is actually generating constructors, getters and setters on the fly.
Let's test it out.
I'm going to create a new student object first using the complete constructor.
And there you go.
I'm going to create a new student object using the empty constructor, and this works as well.
I'm going to call one of the getters that Lombok generates.
Now I will call one of the setters.
And this is looking really good.
Never again do we have to write any boilerplate code.
We can just specify the following annotations and let me just import all of these artifacts at once.
And we're going to replicate this for the grade pod class import.
Lombok Star.
Then we'll do the exact same thing for the course of class.
Let us delete all of these getters and setters because they will be auto generated.
We'll delete these getters and setters as well.
Okay.
Looking good.
Now let's just say you also wanted to override equals and hashCode.
Instead you can just use Lombok and say equals and hashCode.
Waiting for it to autocomplete.
And there you go.
But we're not going to be doing that.
Let's just stick with what we have and.
All right.
Let's move on to the next lesson.